dophy6@dophy6-K56CM ~/S/U/M/Progetto> python MM_project_ALL.py


STARTING TEXT_ON_IMG


text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved


STARTING MAKE_WAV_FROM_IMG


make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved


STARTING WAV_OVERLAY


wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved


STARTING CALC_SPECTO




STARTING CREATE_SAVE_PLOT




STARTING IMAGES_POST_PROCESSING




STARTING IMAGES_IN_OCR


- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Tie daI CHL Vala
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO ee ats
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NAO al Casta
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OTA A
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aN age
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LINE PETES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SUT EN
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UWI AR Ua h
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: WeO\B ROMO MateAIDIe
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOS Saeiatatt
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TMA
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UA ROA MOU aMA NUH
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OO ee
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a aa
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Aa Uae
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RATN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MUMMORLOUAS MAG
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ETREU MM LUMAR E TID
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUMORAL
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TOUSEN
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DO san Ce nea pare
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Daa A ean
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TVA AGLELN EL
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SORA
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UO OU UT
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: IO ment Om Lae IT
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: alae Leit a
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ean apes
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SUT EN
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOS WSm Ota hhs
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NUTS aH
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TRS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EWA) COLO am VEU
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN QN YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ui ami\\GHa stg st
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ui ami\Cha stad st
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: URMILA AO
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a ee
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VARGA UO
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ETREO MM LUGE IID
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aL
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SN OTIAME ATI AAO,
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MUMMORLOUAS MAG
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUR i
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: er er rer ret
VO CaS URE an
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: URUPPING LIAB PUL
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IF, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EUAN IRON COU Mg)
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee ee
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NORIO @ tee hy
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NUNES Hah
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pita ls
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS. OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RENO AOL ayer]:
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOUS ACUSR CGE Ls
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROSE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOTION MO anil
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RATN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: er er rer ret
VO CaS URE an
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOUS ACUSR CGE Ls
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LUKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: FAT
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOS SMO tlhe
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NUTS aH
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LUKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ha acer TS Pt
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, QR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NITED RO HR
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOIFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VSI mL tm UAL
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UA ROA MOU aMA NUH
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TPS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ota eae ae ike
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aS ERMA
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LINE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Na a
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SN OTIAME ATI AAO,
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TRS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PN Ata
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ST eA AT
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MTN UMUUL
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SOO ey
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNG da GHB Arma Ai
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TA ee CT
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NUTS aH
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Irae an
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TOD Lan
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNG da GHB Aran i
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS. ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOLES
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NORIO @ tee hy
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eA A
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TVA AGLELN EL
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: D0) geal Cum AVC
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO FS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS. ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RYMUSVULR TKD)
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NT NAIR
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ae tts
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SOO ey
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOPE Fasc CramOsausil pi
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAURI AO
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UAE

JN Y

Oimaele
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PO ROUEN
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ot Ue nO ae
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PO ROUEN
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAMON VOLRT KAD
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a eA
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee ee
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Saye
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aN age
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROSE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DV an Ce ie pare
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TRS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Was a
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIED
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PUB IeN ICDA ALN
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VOTES. ANS. OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VSI mL tm UAL
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ey PAE |p
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOPE Fasc CramOsausil pi
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Osa Cane ai
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UWI AR Ua h
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SUT ENA
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NTNU UMUNILE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: D0) geal Cum AVC
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: nh
na
Ha)
aD
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aT ee a
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ot Ue nO ae
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: GRIT TN aTSE fuk
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Daag
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAAL)
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IF, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VU aa ACA ALAA
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Uae Nica aI aL
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a aa
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Tie daI CHL Vala
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OF

Aas
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: URMILA AO
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AT NARI
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Was a
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOTION MO anil
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ey PAE |p
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROREING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aa tana a
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOLS WIAA UE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ARIA MARU EMA ANHIE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Geek team en to Ns
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: alata
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Tiida CH Vala alot
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOU SAUER
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Te ret ty
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UU RU ANTAL Vaeie)
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Te ret ty
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LINE PETES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NVM Seu
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LUNE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Git) uu cea
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pr VMO MAO Uenertat: be
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NVA MAN AM EL aetEh
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAU WUN WOR
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: P02 RANMA
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NODAL SMCH DS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pr VAMO MAG Uener tat: De
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ana U apne
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Oe A
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: da hedaitaiaalst
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TA eC CH
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OF

Aas
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OHI EAIDN IO esledin
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pr VMO MAO Uenertat: be
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Aa Uae
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ORS NS Pam LU
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAINON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: STE AVALT
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Osa Cane ai
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TPS, NDS, On LTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ?,

MYO AO em ec te Ie

?
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NORE WU auth
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOTES, ANDS, On UTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ORION RO GNEI
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, QR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aL
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EUAN IRON COU Mg)
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAURI AO
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ne ee
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS. OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: mM
vt
, i
Bat
aT
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ST eA AT
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROE
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NFS, ANDS, OF BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROREING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: alata
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ELA
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOS WSm Ota hhs
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aL
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROR Some: USO Gas U RS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Saye
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: GROG Sormrc Irae) sausi pie
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUK PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ui ami\\GHa stg st
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NORE WU auth
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOS Saeiatatt
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eA A
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OB BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NON nan
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ORS NS Pam LU
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Daa A
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DO san Ce nea pare
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MTN UMUUL
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOIFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aa tana a
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LINE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Uae Nica aI aL
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN QN YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RENO AOL ayer]:
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aS ERMA
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a eA
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TMA
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: P02 RANMA
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ae tts
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OTA A
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: FAT
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Na a
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: da hedaitaiaalst
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VOTES. ANS. OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUVALA
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO TPS, NDS, On LTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROMA U ett 0)
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOIFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NAVMROAR Ca ae Uy
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: We ea ac

tT
a
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIPS
- IMG: No If - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TOD Lan
- IMG: No If - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: No If - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IFS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RYMUSVULR TKD)
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: on a
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PUI tm OL mal
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NT NAIR
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: GRIT TN aTSE fuk
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ORION RO GNEI
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NVR Nam LOS LT
- IMG: No If - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOUS, ANDS, OR BUTS
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Daa A ean
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NVM Seu
- IMG: Dropp - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROREING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RAIN ON YOUR PARADE
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO IF, ANDY, OR BUTS
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Rta
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TA eC CH
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAAL)
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNG da GHB Aran i
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ETREU MM LUMAR E TID
- IMG: No If - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOTION mO a nied
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: mM
vt
, i
Bat
aT
- IMG: Rain  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pita ls
- IMG: Rain  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UO OU UT
- IMG: Dropp - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DROPPING LIKE FLIES
- IMG: No If - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Leet
dophy6@dophy6-K56CM ~/S/U/M/Progetto> 
