dophy6@dophy6-K56CM ~/S/U/M/Progetto [1]> python MM_project_ALL.py


STARTING TEXT_ON_IMG


text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved


STARTING MAKE_WAV_FROM_IMG


make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved


STARTING WAV_OVERLAY


wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved


STARTING CALC_SPECTO




STARTING CREATE_SAVE_PLOT




STARTING IMAGES_POST_PROCESSING




STARTING IMAGES_IN_OCR


- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eee
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UVa
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DEENA aL
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATTA TNCHSUDM EG A CALA SIL
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ua ite
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VCO Ts
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HU IAUNae BNI
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CaN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Oar
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VOSA MRA TGAHICL IMAG TDIGM RO TTONINYIA I)
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TERIA)
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CRNAs
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: nm a
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Mois bMarA Oi cuees ADs TRO MRO LL On
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CHORE:
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: APSO MESON CRs LUy mesa oA TA
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SR et
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: if Ah
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Oy eee envy
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOY
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UAW Re UALCA Od Be OUI
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UAL
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EAA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: COTTA
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PAPO OUT TINGH SON NDT PANGO LOTTA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: vee ai
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UFO
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Oa eee
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: YASS MUS ACER iM Ws Cm OCs
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NCR
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TS ATCA aM eo i
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: inva
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AHS 508 (Cal 0 ct eK st
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SraeNOUCHN Cees NAc A ON NOT
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aa
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ager Arae coms) el CRORES
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UBUD ale
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ARO
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: asia RIS
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TENA
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KEPCHE
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ca a
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AVA) 09am JU ect ee KO st
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ei eee ea
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Re aN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UCC) AE
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aU VON
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PHO TH NC HLON In Url PLO RICAN
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AEN RE OA
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DEENA aL
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAO ns OG GamolO seas lian em k@ nc e
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: asia RIS
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUTABHIALO MIM HLBLIARIAN
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: sive ete
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LUCY
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MELAS UE AA
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Omi
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aa
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AN kal
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UBUD ale
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Uva ead
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Re aN
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OURS
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SU ae aul
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AY RUA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NCR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG Qf WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eee
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NAA SeaN Con UA CON SH
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATTN ATOM TACT
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KIT CHE
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TWGCF WAP
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNG ead
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UC
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: vee ai
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN ?
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Metal
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: veel D
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NUMA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CCR
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Le ART
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UU ACR LL eR
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UU ACR LL eR
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: : EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VERYTHING BUT THE KEPCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CURIA Ae
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: YASS MUS ACER iM Ws Cm OCs
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a NAA
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AH 8 SONA UMAR ns MK ORs A ON
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UCC) AN
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AHS 508 (Cal 0 ct eK st
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VR ee ene
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SPMD eb eo
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pa
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: at aaa
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN ?
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ene anys
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NUMA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CHO:
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aN AU al CEUs teal
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UVa
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ILA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ArT
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CAS TAIL
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATSC ALVA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CEA aril
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Taree EY
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eG en cast ee ND
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OA:
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UA
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NSA Us RNC UN eu SA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EAM
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VAIO Mle
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a ee
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OUR
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KIT CHE
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VOSA MRA TGAHICL IMAG TDIGM RO TTONINYIA I)
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eo
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: faa | em |
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TG OP WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OR aiiile
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CAS TAIL
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SU ae aul
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TSU Hl
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OURS
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a NAA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ACU TN LAA
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: faa | em |
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ArT
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: alr ro
re eee a
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUT MAUL
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ei eee ea
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AY RUA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ILA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: at aaa
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: seat als ACLU alee Len a
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NGO
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SPMD eb eo
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TRRWN
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ae
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DMO ASTRA
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a ee
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Aiba
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OURS
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AH 8 SONA UMAR ns MK ORs A ON
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OU ALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TG OP WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NGO
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUNTY
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ca a
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TWGCF WAP
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TEMA
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TSU Hl
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OU Ra
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: yeh Ort east Orion NL
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TWG OF MAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MARTA
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ac NsNAL Comes Mat shal
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NURI N
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATA TGR TAN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Oa
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LEH VEN:
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: sian LIS
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NAA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a=
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PANU NO OH UATCMUUN Ome PaAO a ROH UNI IATN
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ein
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG Qf WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: nn
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUR AMAIA CHLOMLILOSTHLOIIARIRY
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATTA TNCHSUDM EG A CALA SIL
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: weet
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Da NOUR ARR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UFO
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Nem A
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CHORE:
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AYN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SraeNOUCHN Cees NAc A ON NOT
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: veel D
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: This
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CCR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: i eee
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: an Ra
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a=
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAO ns OG GamolO seas lian em k@ nc e
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ni nAaNNt
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ASSURING A
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eee
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PANU NO OH UATCMUUN Ome PaAO a ROH UNI IATN
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Fae ei
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUS
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Oar
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NURI N
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PEDO RHUL ed Ue OO ert
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LUCA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MARTA
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aN AU al CEUs teal
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: yeh Gt hoes Orie NL
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON SAAS eaN ConA OSH
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: qe
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VR ee ene
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NU
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Uae}
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TENA
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNG ead
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TWG OF MAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Taree EY
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: YY SE nce | ONT
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PAPO OUT TINGH SON NDT PANGO LOTTA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aa
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aU Me
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Mean ORB
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TS aT CRAU Ds aH al esis
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TEAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OR aiiile
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CEA aril
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BLT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: tis
in

i
h
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LUCA
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AHR A
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: rN tad
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EAA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UC
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Le ART
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a=
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ArT
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CAMS
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN ?
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OUAGRAMAIET
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUR UAYID
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NALD
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CUR UR aie
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DMO ASTRA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: al
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OR aiiile
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ene anys
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AEN RE OA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON SAAS eaN ConA OSH
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: [UG Or WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NCPR CUAL
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AYN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NU
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OU Ra
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LEH VEN:
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUR Lm UAL
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CaN
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TEMA
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PATO Nv Cole MM esi R@)etaHN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NU
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MELAS UE AA
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: COTA
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATS TATA ULM ACACIA
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VU Me
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: alr ro
re eee a
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HU IAUNae BNI
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UN Aa:
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: YY SE nce | ONT
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Oa eee
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ere aS
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VU Me
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUT MAUL
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: qe
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ti OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: nm a
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LEHANE)
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TS aT CRAU Ds aH al esis
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AEM LSA
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: wt aaa
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AH SOG CRUNK ORs A SR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CCR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TERRY
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CEA aril
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UA
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UCHO tai
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ca
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LC RAN
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PANO OHiUASCMUUH Ome PaO MROraTDAINI IAT
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Omi
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATSC ALVA
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ATTN ATOM TACT
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: cea
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUR AMAIA CHLOMLILOSTHLOIIARIRY
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AN kal
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LRRO tal
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: if Ah
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Re
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Omi
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Taree EY
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: seat als ACLU alee Len a
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: inva
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VCO Ts
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UAW Re UALCA Od Be OUI
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN |
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TOA Te eA
- IMG: Every - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VCO ATs
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UC
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Cabal
- IMG: Every - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SCE ble
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TU
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Uae}
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUR UAYID
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Mois bMarA Oi cuees ADs TRO MRO LL On
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CAMS
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CMAs
- IMG: Quali - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UN Aa:
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TINE
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UCC) AN
- IMG: Quali - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: vad
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LRRO tal
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUG OF WAR
- IMG: Every - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: yeh Ort east Orion NL
- IMG: Quali - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ARO
- IMG: Quali - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: QUALITY TIME
- IMG: Tug o - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TEAR
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SUA Gee HLL
- IMG: Quali - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CaN le
- IMG: Every - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aah Ab al CEUs teal
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee
- IMG: Every - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ASSURING A
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee
- IMG: Tug o - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AUS
dophy6@dophy6-K56CM ~/S/U/M/Progetto> 
