dophy6@dophy6-K56CM ~/S/U/M/Progetto [SIGKILL]> python MM_project_ALL.py


STARTING TEXT_ON_IMG


text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg	saved
text_on_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/IMG/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg	saved


STARTING MAKE_WAV_FROM_IMG


make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
make_wav_from_img	/home/dophy6/Scrivania/Universita/Multimedia/Progetto/DATA/WAV/Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved


STARTING WAV_OVERLAY


wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav	saved
wav_overlay	Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav	saved


STARTING CALC_SPECTO




STARTING CREATE_SAVE_PLOT




STARTING IMAGES_POST_PROCESSING




STARTING IMAGES_IN_OCR


- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eee ass
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VC EGH AE
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ve Amnl NAO a hae
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: BN Aa ha
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NAA aia
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OLTOE THE GAT:
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CU a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: niet
He
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AMG men
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OGG ema a
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: COALS] He THT
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NGC atlas
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON AO UEC aah acre
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NU RCD
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOAM ATL ADAIGIN
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aE ma
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AMG men
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EDT REAL
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ua
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOU te aioe)
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAR ALA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a |e ie
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aby AE iat
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Sa
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ee
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aC
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OGG ema a
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a |e ce
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VGC Oar
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aay
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ma
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MLM bs oat a
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UU aa
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OMS RR NG
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: het te ars!
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PICMG UR amisder ie
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: WA aN aS!
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROB t Ue
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAMU
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TOMO MLE Gs
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ma
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VNGG RO) a
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VCO MUL UMA) IUGR CRW UD
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VAG U Sa Nm
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: GHA ROMA O em VoL Te
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LOBULE a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TU
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ce ee
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Tne
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Sat OL an eV
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Allan? QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PICMG UR amisder ie
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: COUR tes
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO ACTsMiane] ON OyammOr} Cr dS
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: The mas
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: mute
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: THURS IMERI
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: en CU
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VOC) Oar
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: het te ar
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAMU
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aE ma
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: et at
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ARREST Oa
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: net
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TORU
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UN On GLO) nO ams
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UU aa
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: i ee a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: bee) tO) may
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NY CUE OF TEA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TARA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: (CU eel,
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aC YAO) a eV
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF IBA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TOL IMUS ORBAN
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Sa
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TRU ea
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Nib Gt @le) at) my
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TCU
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ARORA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: hee ais
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Na
(
A
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NhaGuiaQmi a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea OUI RR eR DANeIA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Wea ass
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNMR OO ie
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: A Mala
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SH OMRR NNO
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VGC Oar
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NGC atlas
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NM sa Oalai
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHWRS TIMER
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UanOU nO) ots
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SI CMa Wel MUNA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: sant
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VhaGelne ata
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HOMME RDEV
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Tana
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SOM Mtaea Dh
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aCe
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NU RCD
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: mute
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UAL
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SOM Mtaea Dh
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UCU a aC
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a

T
sf

ik

A

a

ie

H

l= =

is

1!

a

a

eel
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ?een
svat
ain
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SEARO NG Ne
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Vet Oma
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ST OLMIS RDU
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: et at
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pe aC hen
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NCTE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pe aC hen
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SUE SL
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TCUAUSRUM TRU
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NhaGuiaGimla
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VhaGeee ata:
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HVA U aN m3
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AVVO) aa aoe
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VNGG SO
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CU a
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Vet Oma
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a

T
sf

ik

A

a

ie

H

l= =

is

1!

a

a

eel
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: oI 0) nO et
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Na
(
A
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CCAS GO RD
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ao
ae
oy
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eee ee
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aC YAO) a eV
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SOA Mta Di
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PGC aa ien
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aa La
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AULA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MLM Us eae
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ca OUI Ral eMONntN
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: cree
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EL
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ULL
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UCU a aC
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ue
?i
eer
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ua
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pe
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UE SL
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: i i
in ii i} Hl
\ f
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LOPE sacs i
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OM a Oalai
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VCO MUL UMA) IUGR CRW UD
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: vs LO nN vi By ett
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: THURS IMERI
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TO
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aay
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: va ae)
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AlGnT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TRU ea
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Na
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON AO UEC aah acre
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: (eCU seals,
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Cae
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SION Os ce) tat
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HOMME RDEV
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Osa
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: LOBULE a
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROB t Ue
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Mat
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VLG Pee  Neavm bys tti
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TAMU
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UE SL
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea OUI RR eR DANeIA
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TEU at
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NY CUE OF TEA
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: PCMMO RGM sae
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ONG) VMOU) ame er VD
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: i ee a
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Wamu ae ten
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT TN THE DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: hee ais
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea LS
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: at
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ITH ABMLIIMIANS
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aC ROO RC min crt
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: IADMLIIRULAS
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TCU
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: oI 0) nO et
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: FO ET OM DN ia,
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: (CU eel,
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: svat
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TRG av
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ST OLMIS RDU
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ORG U ane ammleys
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNO anO aot
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Mala i
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NAA aia
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NG TU RUG) UG IRE NAD
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VC EGH AE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VAG U Sa Nm
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROU O aA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Mat
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NhaGuiaQmi a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OMS RR NG
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UN On GLO) nO ams
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NG TU RUG) UG IRE NAD
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ORG U ane ammleys
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ian
a
Mt
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROU Ee
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: at |
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: bee) tO) may
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AGU at
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aC ROO RC min crt
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Na
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NaC UmO mis
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ce ee
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HC tM eae mis aes 4S
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Pe
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ca abe
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CCAS GO RD
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TUR
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DOU Ua vie
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NRG atin
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EDT REAL
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: BN Aa ha
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TD AASI INRA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SION Os ce) tat
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MLM bs oat a
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HC tM eae mis aes 4S
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HN LUM
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: GUC ae
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TRU eat
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Sen eve
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AGU at
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ULL
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NENW UARO ANUS
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VCE MUU MO) IUGR CRW US
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HCMC AC incac Ue
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON aaa a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OBC Ta
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: cree
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ?Veen
ava
ial
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ALGAT GUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NO ACTsMiane] ON OyammOr} Cr dS
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Tne
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN Th DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: sant
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HC dMO AC iscac Ue
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SN RRs Ne
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ian
a
Mt
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: WCU
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TCUAUSRUM TRU
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HOUMA
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AlGnT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a |e ie
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TO
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ONC) VACUO) amie Or
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON Lele ay
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SL
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: EST REAL
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ARG UMC MRO a tiene Ube
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: os (O) Maa sty eta)
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Cee
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SH OMRR NNO
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OM a Oalai
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ONG) VMOU) ame er VD
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea LS
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NCU tee
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Sen eve
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OU? OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ue
?i
eer
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOTIN THE DARK
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: en CU
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CHRO UNG abalac Us
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: et at
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NVAGU ae mia:
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aby AE iat
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VLG Pee  Neavm bys tti
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ean aE
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TGs MOAN ambi 4h
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NaC UmO mis
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: \Y CUP OF TEA
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF Thk GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: het te ars!
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: mute a
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CCU
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Un
mt
anes
ee
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: UNMR OO ie
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Tana
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VNGG SO
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: nahatl als,
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VhaGeee ata:
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_50_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Roo WT QF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ?Veen
ava
ial
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NCIC MO mae nerad ie
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: IADMLIIRULAS
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: FO ET OM DN ia,
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ce a
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HN LUM
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aaa
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_25_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ca abe
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ROUND
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_100_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSans_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ON aaa a
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: melee) Di
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OMAP E NGS
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Ve Amnl NAO a hae
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_100_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: MY CUP OF TEA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: TD AASI INRA
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ea
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OMAP E NGS
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AVVO) aa aoe
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aH AM ate
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: 
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: eee ass
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: May Tt
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SHOT IN THE DARK
- IMG: Right - FreeSansBold_75_LF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HCMC AC incac Ue
- IMG: Shot  - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SIO a CD
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: a Ae rials
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT QUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerifBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: OMINOUS TEENA
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: AULA
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NCU tee
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_25_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aE aia
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_50_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: COUR tes
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSansBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: WA aN aS!
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_100_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: SEARO NG Ne
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMono_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: ean aE
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_100_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Right - FreeMono_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Cee
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerif_100_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: VOC ere aye
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: aH AM ate
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: DOU Ua vie
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_75_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSansBold_75_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: Mala i
- IMG: My Cu - FreeMonoBold_25_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: at |
- IMG: Right - FreeSerifBold_25_LF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: CUAUS RU Tmt
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_25_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: HOUMA
- IMG: Right - FreeSans_50_HF.jpeg.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: COUR tls
- IMG: Right - FreeMonoBold_75_HF.pbm.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE
- IMG: My Cu - FreeSerifBold_50_HF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NRG atin
- IMG: Shot  - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: NOAM ATL ADAIGIN
- IMG: Right - FreeSerif_50_LF.png.wav.png.png
	- OCR_TEXT: GHA ROMA O em VoL Te
dophy6@dophy6-K56CM ~/S/U/M/Progetto> 